Updated pages to have links back to instruction pages; cleaned up a f… (#90)
neuralmagic/docs: src/content/use-cases/natural-language-processing/deploying.mdx

We are actively working on adding more use cases, stay tuned!

## Installation Requirements

This section requires the [DeepSparse Server Install](/get-started/install/deepsparse).

## Getting Started

> Before you start your adventure with the DeepSparse Engine, make sure that your machine is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start using the DeepSparse Engine, confirm that your machine is
```

compatible with our [hardware requirements](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/deepsparse/source/hardware.html).  

### Model Format

> To deploy a Transformer using DeepSparse Engine, pass the model in the ONNX format along with the HuggingFace supporting files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy a Transformer using the DeepSparse Engine, pass the model in the ONNX format along with the HuggingFace supporting files.
```
